Extend http filter docs (#2990)
metalbear-co/mirrord: mirrord/config/configuration.md

Setting this filter will make mirrord only steal requests to URIs that do not start with
"/health/".

> You can use multiple HTTP filters at the same time like this:
> ```json
> {
>   "all_of": [
>     { "header": "^User-Agent: (?!kube-probe)" },
>     { "path": "^/api/" }
>   ]
> }
> ```
> Filter above might be used to steal HTTP API requests, but not Kubernetes probes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use multiple HTTP filters at the same time with `all_of` and `any_of`.

- A filter that requires the HTTP request to match on **every** pattern specified, using `all_of`, this filter steals HTTP API requests, but not Kubernetes probes:

```json
{
  "all_of": [
    { "header": "^User-Agent: (?!kube-probe)" },
    { "path": "^/api/" }
  ]
}
```

Author: Rephrased a bit, wdyt now?

> You can also capture HTTP requests that match at least one of a set of filters like this:
> ```json
> {
>   "any_of": [
>     { "path": "^/api/v1" }
>     { "path": "^/api/v2"}
>   ]
> }
> ```
> Filter above might be used to steal only HTTP requests made to your application's API in
> versions 1 and 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A filter that requires at least **one** HTTP request to match, using `any_of`, this filter steals only HTTP requests made to your application's API in versions 1 or 2, excluding anything else:

```json
{
  "any_of": [
    { "path": "^/api/v1" }
    { "path": "^/api/v2"}
  ]
}
```

This one is a bit weird, since it's not really `1 or 2`, it's more a `1 or 2 excluding the rest`. Can you think of a better way to phrase this than my suggestion?

Author: Rephrased a bit, wdyt now?

##### feature.network.incoming.http_filter.all_of {#feature-network-incoming-http_filter-all_of}

> An array of HTTP filters. Each inner filter specifies either header or path regex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array of HTTP filters.

Each inner filter specifies either `header` or `path` regex.
```

Requests must match all of the filters to be stolen.

Cannot be an empty list.

Example:
```json
{
  "all_of": [
    { "header": "x-user: my-user$" },
    { "path": "^/api/v1/my-endpoint" }
  ]
}
```

##### feature.network.incoming.http_filter.any_of {#feature-network-incoming-http_filter-any_of}

> An array of HTTP filters. Each inner filter specifies either header or path regex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array of HTTP filters

Each inner filter specifies either `header` or `path` regex.
```
